Audio file
P300 Q5

Transcript Q5
00:00:00 Speaker 1
I think this is something that pretty much everybody finds a challenge. You know, we work in a very fast-paced environment and you always have multiple and conflicting demands on your time. So for me, I think it's very important to have kind of a big picture of what are the overall strategic and longer term goals that I'm working towards. And usually those breakdown into.
00:00:22 Speaker 1
Individual tasks and and deliverables, and then you've got the very tactical day-to-day work and and the the interrupts and.
00:00:31 Speaker 1
I think it's important just both to be both like pre active as well as reactive because sometimes you know literally something comes up your manager kind of interrupts you and just says look you've really gotta drop everything and do this and so then sure you do this and then you you take the hit to the progress of the tasks that you're working on, but you really need do need to be careful. That's not happening all the time.
00:00:52 Speaker 1
And that if it is and it's just.
00:00:54 Speaker 1
Rising deadlines or large projects that are going to impact others that you do push back and you say, OK, look, I can do this. It's going to take me this amount of time and this is going to be the result. You know, we're gonna either need someone else to help me out on this or I need to hand off these tasks or else we need to have a formal extension of a of a deadline and and to notify those people accordingly.
00:01:16 Speaker 1
So I think I I also find that I work best when I have a bit of a varied, you know, I can, I can spend a couple of days like working, you know 24 by 7 on a particular task. But I I kind of like to have it's kind of like a race you know to have like some of the lanes advancing and then maybe some of them aren't but then you switch over to some of the other lanes and then you push them forward.
00:01:36 Speaker 1
As well, just so long as periodically you are getting tasks finished, you don't wanna constantly starting new tasks and never actually finishing an old task. So I think it's it's all a case of monitoring, tracking and prioritisation and communication to make sure that you're doing the right thing and and you're ahead of the game if anything.
00:01:53 Speaker 1
Thing does seem to be getting off the got off the rails and and jeopardising a deadline.

